output = "DP-1"
font = "JetBrainsMono Nerd Font"
font-size = 17
font-features = ""
font-variations = "bold"
hint-font = true
text-color = #a9b1d6
background-color = #222222ee
selection-background = #60728a
selection-background-padding = 6
selection-background-corner-radius = 10
prompt-color = #eeeeee
placeholder-color = #eeeeee
input-color = #be9db8ff
default-result-color = #c0c8d8ff
selection-color = #1a1a1aff
selection-match-color = #1a1a1a
text-cursor-style = underscore
text-cursor-corner-radius = 0
text-cursor = false
prompt-text = "ó±“Ÿ"
prompt-padding = 16
placeholder-text = "wyw?"
num-results = 6
result-spacing = 20
horizontal = false
min-input-width = 130
width = 21%
height = 35%
outline-width = 1
outline-color = #60728a
border-width = 0
border-color = #222222aa
corner-radius = 10
padding-top = 1%
padding-bottom = 0%
padding-left = 1%
padding-right = 0
clip-to-padding = true
scale = true
output = "DP-1"
anchor = bottom
exclusive-zone = -1
margin-top = 0%
margin-bottom = 4%
margin-left = 0%
margin-right = 0%
hide-cursor = true
history = true
matching-algorithm = normal
require-match = true
auto-accept-single = false
hide-input = false
hidden-character = "*"
physical-keybindings = false
print-index = false
drun-launch = false
terminal = foot
late-keyboard-init = false
multi-instance = false
ascii-input = false
